Here is Matthew's reply to me asking what the headings meant, hopefully his explanation will help clear stuff up.

>Development of question / hypothesis

Ana's explanation=deciding the question(s) and making a hypothesis

>Data research: search for relevant data to contribute to question

Ana's explanation=finding relevant data and thinking about how to use it

> Literature review

You're looking at levels of pollution and academic performance.  In
order to interpret the data, you are going to find yourself doing some
reading of the literature, to get a better idea of what these data
mean, and the extent they can be relied on to draw conclusions.  You
will also likely want to have a look for other people that have
written about this, to see what they found, and to use their findings
as background for your own.    If that's something you find yourself
doing during the project, then you should describe what you looked at,
and how that fed into the project.

> Analysis strategy

I think you'll find this becomes more obvious as you go on.  You'll
start by looking at the data and trying to work out what it is saying.
Then a question will occur to you, like, 'is it possible that measured
pollution levels have different effects in the city compared the
country?'.  Then you will ask 'How will I get at that?'.  At that
point you need to think about how you will use your current data, or
find other data, to get at that question, and how you will use that
data.  Planning that, is analysis strategy.

> Analysis code

This is just the work of actually writing the code to do the analysis
that you planned in the step above.

> Code review

You will find, as you start to write code to do your analysis, that
the code you write tends to be rather poorly organized, and difficult
to read.  For example, you may do things in an inefficient or unclear
way, leave old bits of code lying around that you aren't using, or you
may use long roundabout ways of doing things that can be done in
simpler, clearer ways.   The team has to keep reading the code, to
make sure that the code is as clear and simple and well-organized as
possible.   This makes the code easier for you to work with, and
easier for us, your instructors, to understand.  It also makes it less
likely that you do the wrong analysis by accident - which - you will
find - is extremely easy to do.

>Work planning and organization

Ana's explanation=organising meetings, deciding workflow and spliting the workload

> Testing code and procedures

This follows on from the last step.  You will find that you often make
mistakes.  The only way to reduce these is to keep checking the code
runs, and produces the right result,   If you write functions, you
will need to test that they work as you expect, by running them with
different arguments.  You can see an example of me doing that with my
recoding function in your stop and search notebook.  I run my function
with a few input arguments to make sure I get the result I expect.
When you finally submit, you have to check that we really can just run
the recipes in your README file to get the results you want to
present. This is testing code and procedures.

>Improving teamwork and collaboration;

Ana's explanation= deciding what works and what doesn't work in relation to teamwork, and then making a postive change to improve our teamwork and organisation

>Writing report

Ana's explanation= writing the explanation of the code with in the README file